HEADLINE
    Hi I'm Rey Tanubrata. Professionally I am a burgeoning Fullstack Developer,
    on my freetime I use Python to overengineer and automate simple tasks.

BIO
    I am a Web Developer Student at Bloc Thinkful. My Goal is to automate and rid the world of 'tasks' to free us up for big projects!
    I love working on two main types of projects. Simplifying complex inputs (like deciding if the Toronto Raptors should trade Kawhi Leonard for Kyle Kuzma now!) 
    and atomating repetitive tasks (like a budgeting app to send email remainders when to pay recurring bills)

PROJECT 1-
    
    1.1 Title : NBA Quiz application

    1.2 Description:
        Client side web application to prep you for any upcoming NBA trivia night. 
        Study this and you will WIN any NBA historical trivia night.

    1.3 List of Technologies:
        1.3.1 Javascript: vanilla and JQuery
        1.3.2 HTML
        1.3.3 CSS

    1.4 Link to Live app:
        https://rtanubra.github.io/quizapp/ 

    1.5 Link to repo:
        https://github.com/rtanubra/quizapp

PROJECT 2-
    
    2.1 Title : Python Secret Santa Application

    2.2 Description:
        Put your names and emails in the imaginary hat and let Python sort who you are gifting this Christmas.
        This way you know no cheating in selecting your secret santa.

    2.3 List of Technologies:
        2.3.1 Python3

    2.4 Link to Live app:
        Currently does not have a web-front end. back end only project 

    2.5 Link to repo:
        https://github.com/rtanubra/Secret_santa_email 

PROJECT 3-
    
    2.1 Title : Family budgeting App.

    2.2 Description:
       Marriages break up more over money than anything else. 
       Let this family budgeting application be your technological couples therapist. 
       Let's break down all our expenses and go from budgetarily challenged to personal finance hero.

    3.3 List of Technologies:
        2.3.1 Python3
        3.3.2 Django
        3.3.3 SQL lite
        3.3.4 HTML
        3.3.5 CSS - bootsrap

    3.4 Link to Live app:
        Not currently published. Clone repository into your machine to start tracking! 
        A web application will go live before the end of this year.

    3.5 Link to repo:
        https://github.com/rtanubra/fam_finance2.0
